Add Bun recipe (#4631)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/recipes/bun.mdx

If you have any problems using Bun, please [open an Issue on GitHub with Bun directly](https://github.com/oven-sh/bun/issues/new/choose).
:::

## Prerequisites

- Bun installed locally on your machine. See the [installation instructions](https://bun.sh/docs/installation) in Bun's official documentation.

## Create a new Astro project with Bun

Create a new Astro project with Bun using the following `create-astro` command:

```bash
bunx create-astro@latest my-astro-project-using-bun
```

:::tip
You may also [create a new Astro project from any existing Astro GitHub repository](/en/install/auto/#starter-templates) using the `--template` flag:
```bash
bunx create-astro@latest my-astro-project-using-bun --template eliancodes/brutal
```
:::

## Install dependencies

If you're starting a new project using `bunx create-astro`, the CLI will automatically use Bun to install dependencies and you can skip this step.

Otherwise, you'll need to install your dependencies with Bun:

```bash
bun install
```

## Using Astro integrations

You can also use any of the official Astro integrations with the `astro add` command:

```bash
bunx astro add react
```

## Run Astro with Bun

> Use the [`--bun` CLI flag](https://bun.sh/docs/cli/bunx#shebangs) to tell Bun to use it's runtime in place of Node for the `astro` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::[note]
Use the [`--bun` CLI flag](https://bun.sh/docs/cli/bunx#shebangs) before every `astro` command to use Bun's own runtime in place of Node.
:::
```
Would this be correct? Since it's before *every* command below, I feel like this call out makes sense.

Author: Yep! That makes sense

### Run the development server

> To run the development server, using Bun as the runtime, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the development server using Bun as the runtime, use the following command:
```
nit. There's an argument for two commas here, but really using Bun as the runtime is integral to the instructions, so I just want it all as one phrase.

```bash
bun --bun astro dev
```

### Building your site with Bun

> To build your site, using Bun as the runtime, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build your site using Bun as the runtime, use the following command:
```

```bash
bun --bun astro build
```

Astro will output your site to the `dist/` directory. Then, you can serve your site using the `preview` command:

```bash
bun --bun astro preview
```

## Add SSR with Bun using `@astrojs/node`

> Bun features [Node.js API compatibility](https://bun.sh/docs/runtime/nodejs-apis). Using the [`@astrojs/node`](/en/guides/integrations-guide/node/) adapter you can add [server-side rendering](/en/guides/server-side-rendering/) to your Astro project, using Bun's runtime as a replacement for Node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bun features [Node.js API compatibility](https://bun.sh/docs/runtime/nodejs-apis). Using the [`@astrojs/node`](/en/guides/integrations-guide/node/) adapter you can add [server-side rendering](/en/guides/server-side-rendering/) to your Astro project using Bun's runtime as a replacement for Node.
```

> 
> ```bash
> bunx astro add node
> ```
> 
> Once you build a project with `bun --bun astro build`, use the following to run your built site.
> 

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
Run the following command to add the Node.js adapter to your Astro project:

```bash
bunx astro add node
```

Build your site again, using the same build command as above:

```bash
bun --bun astro build
```
Finally, use the following command to run your built site.

``````
Does this work?

If you have any problems using Bun, please [open an Issue on GitHub with Bun directly](https://github.com/oven-sh/bun/issues/new/choose).
:::

## Prerequisites

- Bun installed locally on your machine. See the [installation instructions](https://bun.sh/docs/installation) in Bun's official documentation.

## Create a new Astro project with Bun

Create a new Astro project with Bun using the following `create-astro` command:

```bash
bunx create-astro@latest my-astro-project-using-bun
```

:::tip
You may also [create a new Astro project from any existing Astro GitHub repository](/en/install/auto/#starter-templates) using the `--template` flag:
```bash
bunx create-astro@latest my-astro-project-using-bun --template eliancodes/brutal
```
:::

## Install dependencies

If you're starting a new project using `bunx create-astro`, the CLI will automatically use Bun to install dependencies and you can skip this step.

Otherwise, you'll need to install your dependencies with Bun:

```bash
bun install
```

## Using Astro integrations

You can also use any of the official Astro integrations with the `astro add` command:

```bash
bunx astro add react
```

## Run Astro with Bun

> :::[note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
```
D'oh! I was thinking about adding a custom title, and it ended up like this :joy:

Use the [`--bun` CLI flag](https://bun.sh/docs/cli/bunx#shebangs) before every `astro` command to use Bun's own runtime in place of Node.
:::

### Run the development server

To run the development server using Bun as the runtime, use the following command:

```bash
bun --bun astro dev
```

### Building your site with Bun

To build your site using Bun as the runtime, use the following command:

```bash
bun --bun astro build
```

Astro will output your site to the `dist/` directory. Then, you can serve your site using the `preview` command:

```bash
bun --bun astro preview
```

## Add SSR with Bun using `@astrojs/node`

Bun features [Node.js API compatibility](https://bun.sh/docs/runtime/nodejs-apis). Using the [`@astrojs/node`](/en/guides/integrations-guide/node/) adapter you can add [server-side rendering](/en/guides/server-side-rendering/) to your Astro project using Bun's runtime as a replacement for Node.

> Run the following command to add the Node.js adapter to your Astro project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Run the following command to add the Node.js adapter to your Astro project:
```
line spacing nit!
